Welcome to the lesson on writing multi-file programs in C++.
So far in this course,
you've written all of your code in a single file.
This works well for small programs or while you're prototyping an idea.
But as your code-base grows,
you'll want the ability to organize your code into multiple files,
just as you might have done in other languages you've worked with.
In this lesson you'll learn how to do exactly that.
We'll start out with header files and you'll
use header files to break a single file into multiple files.
Then you'll learn a little bit about build systems which
will allow you to efficiently build large programs,
and a particular build system we'll cover is CMake and Make.
Then you'll learn some tools for writing larger programs including references,
pointers, maps, classes and a little bit of object-oriented programming in C++.
You will learn a lot more about
object-oriented programming in a later course in this nano degree.
But after this lesson,
you'll be ready to tackle the route planning project and you'll
be prepared to write your own multi-file programs.